AWS Organizations (#29304)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-EC2/ReleaseNotes/1_2_37.md

#### Integrations

##### AWS - EC2

> - Added the ***aws-organization-list-roots*** command: Lists the roots that are defined in the current organization.
> - Added the ***aws-organization-list-children*** command: Lists all of the organizational units (OUs) or accounts that are contained in the specified parent OU or root.
> - Added the ***aws-organization-list-parents*** command: Lists the root or organizational units (OUs) that serve as the immediate parent of the specified child OU or account.
> - Added the ***aws-organization-describe-ou*** command: Retrieves information about an organizational unit (OU).
> - Added the ***aws-organization-describe-account*** command: Retrieves Organizations-related information about the specified account.
> - Added the ***aws-organization-describe-organization*** command: Retrieves information about the organization that the user's account belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the following commands:
   - ***aws-organization-list-roots***: Lists the roots that are defined in the current organization.
   - ***aws-organization-list-children***: Lists all of the organizational units (OUs) or accounts that are contained in the specified parent OU or root.
   - ***aws-organization-list-parents***: Lists the root or organizational units (OUs) that serve as the immediate parent of the specified child OU or account.
   - ***aws-organization-describe-ou***: Retrieves information about an organizational unit (OU).
   - ***aws-organization-describe-account***: Retrieves Organizations-related information about the specified account.
   - ***aws-organization-describe-organization***: Retrieves information about the organization that the user's account belongs to.
```
